now Jericho was securely shut up because
of the children of Israel none went out
and none came in and the Lord said to
Joshua see I have given Jericho into
your hand
it's king and the mighty men of valor
you shall march around the city all you
men of war
you shall go all around the city once
this you shall do six days and seven
priests shall bear seven trumpets of
rams horns before the ark but the
seventh day you shall march around the
city seven times and the priests shall
blow the trumpets it shall come to pass
when they make a long blast with the
ram's horn and when you hear the sound
of the trumpet that all the people shall
shop with a great shout then the wall of
the city will fall down flat and the
people shall go up every man straight
before
then Joshua the son of nun called the
priests and said to them take up the Ark
of the Covenant and let seven priests
bear seven trumpets of rams horns before
the Ark of the Lord and he said to the
people proceed and march around the city
and let him who is armed advance before
the Ark of the Lord so it was when
Joshua had spoken to the people that the
seven priests bearing the seven trumpets
of rams horns before the Lord advanced
and blew the trumpets and the Ark of the
Covenant of the Lord followed the armed
men went before the priests who blew the
trumpets and the rear guard came after
the ark while the priest continued
blowing the trumpets
now Joshua had commanded the people you
shall not shout or make any noise with
your voice nor shall a word proceed out
of your mouth until the day I say to you
shout
then you shall shout so he had the Ark
of the Lord
Circle the city going around at once and
they came into the camp and launched in
the camp and Joshua arose early in the
morning and the priests took up the Ark
of the Lord then seven trees bearing
seven trumpets of rams horns before the
Ark of the Lord went on continually and
blue with the trumpets and the armed man
went before
but the rear guard came after the Ark of
the Lord while the priests continued
blowing the trumpets and the secondly
they marched around the city once and
returned to the camp so they did six
days but it came to pass on seventh day
that they rose early about the dawning
of the day and marched around the city
seven times in the same manner on that
day only they marched around the city
seven times and the seventh time it
happened when the priests blew the
trumpets but Joshua said to the people
the city now the city shall be doomed by
the Lord to destruction it and all who
are in it only right have the harlot
shall live she had all who are with her
in the house because she hid the
messengers that we sent and you by all
means abstain from the accursed things
lest you become a cursed when you take
of the accursed things and make the camp
of Israel a curse and trouble it but all
the silver and gold and vessels of
bronze and iron are consecrated to the
Lord they shall come into the Treasury
of the Lord so the people shouted when
the priests blew the
trumpets and it happened when the people
heard the sound of the trumpet and the
people shouted with great shout that the
wall fell down
then the people they found into the city
every man straight before him and
they've turned to see and they utterly
destroy all that was in the city of man
and woman young and old ox and sheep and
donkey with the edge of the soul but
Joshua had said to the two men who had
spied out the country go into the
harlots house and from there bring out
the woman and all that she has as you
swore to her and the young man who had
been spies went in and brought out ray
and her father her mother her brothers
and all that she had so they brought out
all her relatives and left them outside
the camp of Israel but they burned the
city for all that was in it to fire only
the silver and gold and the vessels of
bronze and iron they put into the
Treasury of the house of the law and
Joshua's spared Rahab the harlot her
father's household and all that she had
so she dwells in Israel to this day
because she hid the messengers whom
Joshua sent to spy out Jericho then
Joshua charged them at that time cursed
be the man before the Lord who rises up
and builds this city Jericho he shall
lay its foundation with his firstborn
and with his youngest he shall set up
its gifts
the Lord was with Joshua and his fame
spread throughout all the country